Update che4z-installing.adoc (#867)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/extensions/che4z-installing.adoc

:context: installing-che4z

> === Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Prerequisites
```

- Minimum of 2 CPUs and 4GB RAM
- Docker
- Internet access

> '''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> === Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
```

> ===== *Follow these steps:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . Install Eclipse Che by running the following command, and replacing <DATA_FOLDER> with the location of user data on the host machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install Eclipse Che by running the following command. Replace `__<DATA_FOLDER>__` with the location of user data on the host machine:
```

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
```

> 	docker run -it --rm -e CHE_MULTIUSER=true -e CHE_HOST=`hostname -f` -e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker run -it --rm -e CHE_MULTIUSER=true -e CHE_HOST=`hostname -f` -e \
```

> 	CHE_WORKSPACE_VOLUME=/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CHE_WORKSPACE_VOLUME=/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v \
```

> 	/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v /<DATA_FOLDER>:/data eclipse/che:7.0.0-beta-4.0 start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v /__<DATA_FOLDER>__:/data eclipse/che:7.0.0-beta-4.0 start
```
Is it really dependent on Che v7.0.0-beta-4.0? If not, suggest using a placeholder for the latest version.

----

> - For more information on configuring Eclipse Che with Docker, see https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-6/docker-multi-user.html[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
For more information on configuring Eclipse Che with Docker, see https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-6/docker-multi-user.html[Installation on Docker].
```
Perhaps we should be pointing to Che 7 docs and local installation methods?

> . Log in to Che using the default administrator account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to Che using the default administrator account (username = `admin`, password = `admin`).
```

>   - (username = admin, password = admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . (Optional) Configure the Keycloak security server by following the instructions https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-6/user-management.html#che-and-keycloak[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. (Optional) Configure the Keycloak security server by following the instructions https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-6/user-management.html#che-and-keycloak[Managing users].
```

. Download and unzip the installer.

> . Run *start_installer.sh* (on Linux) or *start_installer.cmd* (on Windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run `start_installer.sh` (on Linux) or `start_installer.cmd` (on Windows).
```

. When prompted, enter the Che URL and administrator account credentials.

> You installed Eclipse Che and the Che4z extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> '''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> === Creating a Workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Creating a workspace
```

> ===== *Follow these steps:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Log in to Che. Use your credentials, or the default administrator account credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to Che. Use your credentials or the default administrator account (username = `admin`, password = `admin`).
```

>   - (username = admin, password = admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2. To create a new workspace, select *Workspaces - Add Workspace*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Workspaces -> Add Workspace*.
```

> 3. In *Select Stack*, select *view all*, then choose *Broadcom Mainframe* stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Select Stack*, select *view all*, then choose the *Broadcom Mainframe* stack.
```

> 4. Create and open the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create and open the workspace.
```

> You created a workspace and can now use the Eclipse Che4z extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workspace has been created that can use the Eclipse Che4z extensions.
```
